These are requirements to be installed on the final dalton server
for port scanners to function properly

Tool:   ovaldi 5.5.23 or newer
Effect: No NVTs of family 'OVAL definitions' will be executed.
        This family is only visible in case your installation
        includes OVAL files.

Tool:   WMI Client (OpenVAS not furnished with WMI client functionality)
Effect: Any NVTs that do rely on the built-in WMI functionality will
        not be executed. If you did not provide WMI credentials
        or do not scan host with Windows operating systems, the absence
        will not reduce the number of executed NVTs.
        Most likely reduced are compliance tests and OVAL NVTs.

Tool:   WMI Client (OpenVAS not furnished with SMB client functionality)
Effect: Any NVTs that do rely on the built-in SMB functionality will
        not be executed. If you did not provide SMB credentials
        or do not scan host with Windows operating systems, the absence
        will not reduce the number of executed NVTs.
        Most likely reduced are compliance tests and OVAL NVTs.

Tool:   pd/phrasendrescher
Effect: The phrasendrescher wrapper will not deliver results.
        This NVT could otherwise attempt to find ssh accounts and passwords
        brute force.

Tool:   ncrack
Effect: ncrack wrappers will not deliver results.
        The ncrack wrappers could otherwise attempt to find ftp, ssh and
        telnet accounts and passwords brute-force.

Tool:   portbunny
Effect: Port scanning based on portbunny is not available.

Tool:   pnscan
Effect: Port scanning based on pnscan is not available.

Tool:   strobe
Effect: Port scanning based on strobe is not available.

Tool:   amap
Effect: Port scanning and service detection based on amap is not available.

Tool:   snmpwalk
Effect: Port scanning based on snmpwalk is not available.

Tool:   ldapsearch
Effect: Advanced ldap directory checks are not available.

Tool:   masscan
Effect: Port scanning based on masscan is not available.

Host does not have any TCP port open which is specified in port range
Host does not have any open TCP port